
=== app-default  ttft 1193 ms  total 1609 ms  thoughtParts 0
usage: prompt 5051 thoughts n/a candidates 109 total 5160
text (89 words): I would use a `LEFT JOIN` between the snapshots and the events table, filtering on the condition that the event occurred within the thirty-day window before the snapshot time. To handle the "ingested at" constraint, I’d add a clause ensuring the ingestion timestamp is strictly less than or equal to the snapshot time. Finally, I’d group by the snapshot ID and customer ID, using a `COUNT` on the event ID to ensure customers with no matching support calls return a zero rather than being dropped from the result set.

=== thinkingLevel-low  ttft 4320 ms  total 4579 ms  thoughtParts 0
usage: prompt 5051 thoughts 1062 candidates 138 total 6251
text (119 words): I would start by performing a left join between the snapshots table and the events table on the customer ID. The join conditions are the most important part here: I would filter the events to only include those where the ingested timestamp is less than or equal to the snapshot time to prevent data leakage. Then, I’d add a range condition where the event time falls within the thirty-day window before the snapshot. I’d also filter specifically for the 'support_call' event type. By grouping by the customer ID and snapshot time, and using a count of the event IDs, the left join ensures that customers with zero calls in that window are correctly preserved with a count of zero.

=== thinkingLevel-medium  ttft 984 ms  total 1630 ms  thoughtParts 0
usage: prompt 5051 thoughts n/a candidates 191 total 5242
text (165 words): I would approach this by using a left join between the snapshots table and the events table to ensure we preserve customers with zero calls. I’d use a correlated subquery or a lateral join to filter the events based on the two conditions: the event time falling within the thirty-day window before the snapshot, and the ingestion time being strictly less than or equal to the snapshot time. Specifically, I’d select the customer ID and snapshot time from the snapshots table, then perform a left join on the events table where the customer IDs match. I’d add the time constraints in the join condition or a where clause, ensuring the event time is between the snapshot time minus thirty days and the 
